To create a virtual environment. -m is telling python to run my module as a script. 

python -m venv menv


To activate the env
menv\Scripts\activate

To deactivate the env
deactivate


To see if we have any python packages installed in your env
pip freeze

To install Django
py -m pip install Django==5.1.7


To check pip version
pip --version or pip -m

To upgrade pip
python -m pip install --upgrade pip


To create a project in Django (watchname is the project name here)
django-admin startproject watchmate

The project is watchmate folder inside parent watchmate folder.
The watchmate folder inside the parent watchmate folder has the settings and the main url. 
To create anything like a feature or anything, we need to create an app. 


To create an app (watchmate_app is the app name here)
python manage.py startapp watchmate_app

To run the server
python manage.py runserver


Include the apps created under 'INSTALLED_APPS' in settings.py file in project folder. We are doing this to make django 
know that we have an app and use it to tell django these apps are included in the project. 

To make migrations
python manage.py migrate

To create superuser
python manage.py createsuperuser

Superuser Details:
Username: bharath
Email: 
Password: password


Run the server again to go to access admin panel
The address is {serverurl}/admin

After creating a model, to make django know the model you have created and to make it create a model, you need to run migrations
python manage.py makemigrations
And then migrate them
python manage.py migrate

After the model is created, register the model in admin site
Go to admin.py, import the Movie model and register it. 

Create a view for the model. Import the model created and define a function to do a specific operation

Create and an end point path in main project's url.py file and include the app's url.py module in it. 

In the apps url.py file, create an end point and refer the end point to the created view and assign a name to it. 
Remember to use single quotes (Example :  path('list/', movie_list, name='movie_list'),) for names. 

